Updates for Windows 11 (#5)
mmercurio/dotfiles: README.md

```
sh -c "$(curl -fsLS git.io/chezmoi)" -- init --apply mmercurio
```

## Windows Todos

> - [ ] Install additional Nerd Fonts
> - [ ] Configure PowerShell profile and prompt, including upgrading to pwsh Core
> - [x] Install and configure git
> - [ ] Use winget on Windows 11
> - [ ] Configure Windows Terminal
> - [ ] Install extra apps (likely via Chocoaltey)
> - [ ] One-line install from GitHub repo
> - [ ] Configure Windows defaults (themes, fonts, default apps, etc.)

Author: Update based on testing:
```suggestion
- [ ] Install additional Nerd Fonts (downloaded, but not yet installed)
- [x] Configure PowerShell profile and prompt, including upgrading to pwsh Core
- [x] Install and configure git
- [x] Use winget on Windows 11
- [ ] Configure Windows Terminal
- [x] Install extra apps (winget with fallback to Chocolately)
- [ ] One-line install from GitHub repo
- [ ] Configure Windows defaults (themes, fonts, default apps, etc.)
```
